What time is Taco Tuesday in Steal a Brainrot? - Dexerto Gaming Popular View All Games Call of Duty Pokemon Overwatch Fortnite Destiny Marvel Rivals GTA Monster Hunter Wilds More Gaming EA Sports FC Valorant Apex Legends League of Legends Diablo Counter-Strike 2 Genshin Impact Honkai Star Rail Roblox Deadlock Baldur&#x27;s Gate Minecraft World of Warcraft Palworld TV &amp; Movies Popular View All TV &amp; Movies Daredevil Invincible The Last Of Us Yellowstone DC Anime True Crime Horror More TV &amp; Movies Netflix Apple TV Hulu Prime Video Disney+ Entertainment Entertainment View All Entertainment YouTube Twitch Kick TikTok More Entertainment Viral Esports Esports View All Esports Call of Duty Valorant League of Legends Counter-Strike 2 Apex Legends All Esports Wikis Wikis Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 guides Battlefield 6 guides EA FC 26 guides Mario Kart World guides Pokemon Legends Z-A guides Megabonk guides More More About Us Meet The Team See Dexerto First on Google Editorial Standards &amp; Review Policies Advertise With Us Archive Log in Sign up Gaming Popular View All Games Call of Duty Pokemon Overwatch Fortnite Destiny Marvel Rivals GTA Monster Hunter Wilds More Gaming EA Sports FC Valorant Apex Legends League of Legends Diablo Counter-Strike 2 Genshin Impact Honkai Star Rail Roblox Deadlock Baldur&#x27;s Gate Minecraft World of Warcraft Palworld TV &amp; Movies Popular View All TV &amp; Movies Daredevil Invincible The Last Of Us Yellowstone DC Anime True Crime Horror More TV &amp; Movies View All TV &amp; Movies Netflix Apple TV Hulu Prime Video Disney+ Entertainment Entertainment View All Entertainment YouTube Twitch Kick TikTok More Entertainment Viral Esports Esports View All Esports Call of Duty Valorant League of Legends Counter-Strike 2 Apex Legends All Esports Wikis Wikis Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 guides Battlefield 6 guides EA FC 26 guides Mario Kart World guides Pokemon Legends Z-A guides Megabonk guides More More About Us Meet The Team See Dexerto First on Google Editorial Standards &amp; Review Policies Advertise With Us Archive Trending ARC Raiders The Witcher Battlefield Redsec Twitch Horror Ball x Pit Gaming Roblox What time is Taco Tuesday in Steal a Brainrot? by Jessica Filby Updated: Nov 04, 2025, 14:29 Save for later Save for later Dexerto Contents 1 When is the next Taco Tuesday Admin Abuse in Steal a Brainrot? Release times 2 What is Taco Tuesday? How long is Taco Tuesday? 3 When is the next Steal a Brainrot admin abuse? 4 What is the Taco Trait &amp; Corrupted Taco Brainrot? 5 How to prepare 6 Rewards Steal a Brainrot is one of the biggest games on Roblox right now, and its largest event is the Taco Tuesday Admin Abuse. Steal a Brainrot has players working to make the most money and get their taste of that sweet brainrot, all while playing Roblox. It’s surprisingly addictive and has become one of the most popular games on the platform. However, there’s so much more to Steal a Brainrot than just farming items, especially when you take part in Taco Tuesday. This Admin Abuse can get extremely busy, tough, and often pretty chaotic. So, to ensure you get the most out of the event, here’s all you need to know about the next Taco Tuesday in Steal a Brainrot. Article continues after ad When is the next Taco Tuesday Admin Abuse in Steal a Brainrot? The next Taco Tuesday event in Steal a Brainrot is Tuesday, November 4, 2025 — or early on Wednesday morning if you live in certain parts of the world. The Admin Abuse takes place weekly , so you can expect all kinds of chaos on the same day and time each week, as long as the developer doesn’t delay it . If he does, we’ll be updating this article, so check back weekly. Article continues after ad Release times As mentioned, while it’ll be happening on the same day each week, the specific time may be a little different . This week, it’ll be live at the following times in your timezone: Article continues after ad Note: To find your timezone, search for it under release time or input your capital city. Country Release time Sao Paulo 7 pm BRT London 11 pm GMT Toronto / New York 6 pm EST Los Angeles 3 pm PST Mexico City 4 pm CST Load More What is Taco Tuesday? Taco Tuesday is a weekly event in Roblox’s Steal a Brainrot . Every Tuesday, the developer will trigger it, offering players a weekly opportunity to get some free rewards and the coveted Taco Trait, which is extremely valuable. Roblox During the event, the song ‘Raining Tacos’ will begin playing (it’ll get stuck in your head, you’ve been warned). When it does, a cannon will appear above the game’s conveyor belt and shoot tacos at random Brainrots walking on the belt . If they’re hit by the tacos, they get the Taco Trait , which is explained below. Related Heroes World codes (November 2025) for free Spins Blue Lock Rivals codes (November 2025) Roblox Mugen codes (November 2025) Article continues after ad How long is Taco Tuesday? Taco Tuesday lasts only 30 minutes , meaning it doesn’t go on for too long. Article continues after ad Players will need to be quick and ready if they want to benefit from the rewards and the bonuses offered. When is the next Steal a Brainrot admin abuse? Usually, Steal a Brainrot has Admin Abuse on Saturdays, meaning the next one will take place on Saturday, November 2. Typically, it takes place at 3 PM BST / 10 am ET / 7 am PT and offers a similar event to the Taco Tuesday, with increased profits and rare drops. Article continues after ad It’s worth noting that, when admin abuse is delayed, it goes to the following times: 6 PM UTC / 11 AM PT / 2 PM ET . What is the Taco Trait &amp; Corrupted Taco Brainrot? The Taco trait offers a 3x increase in your earnings per second , so it’s extremely useful if you want to make a ton of money. Or, feed it to Sammy the NPC for exclusive rewards. On top of this, if your character is affected by the Taco Trait, you’ll get some more rewards, like a taco icon next to your name or a taco hat. Article continues after ad Article continues after ad You can also grab a Corrupted Taco Brainrot if you’re lucky, which earns 5x their normal earnings , so they’re extremely important to grab if you see one. How to prepare Given you only have half an hour, it’s wise to prepare for the Steal a Brainrot event. To do so, we recommend the following: Clear your inventory: During the event, you’ll be grabbing loads of different items to get hold of the Taco Trait. If you have a full inventory, you’ll spend half an hour organizing it. Save your cash: Brainrots are expensive, and you’ll need to buy them off the conveyor belt during Taco Tuesday. So, grab at least 10 million to ensure you’re not stunted. Grab some friends: The more friends you have playing, the more you can team up and grab the best Brainrots…or steal it from others, it’s your choice. Play in a private server: Public servers can get extremely busy during this time, meaning you’re competing with tons of other players for the same loot. Start a private server with your friends, and you’ll have a much smoother time without any stealing. The Taco Tuesday event is best done after a bit of practice, so keep enjoying the Admin Abuse and you’ll thrive in the end. Article continues after ad Rewards Roblox Every week, we get exciting rewards for Steal a Brainrot. To give a taste of what to expect, we’ve got some of the rewards below for November 4. Item Trait How to get 67 -- Found in Lucky Blocks Taco-Trait Brainrot 3x earning Hit by falling Tacos Corrupted Taco Brainrot 5x earnings and glow Hit by falling Tacos Tipi Topi Taco (Exclusive) Unlocks pet Feed Taco-Trait Brainrots to Sammy Bombardini Tortinii (Exclusive) -- Feed Taco-Trait Brainrots to Sammy Nooo My Hotspot -- Feed Taco-Trait Brainrots to Sammy Now you know all there is about the Taco Tuesday event in Roblox’s Steal a Brainrot, check out the best Brainrots in Steal a Brainrot , or learn how to get free rewards in other games like Blox Fruits , Grow a Garden , or Bee Swarm Simulator . Article continues after ad More Roblox News Save for later keep reading GTA GTA Online weekly update November 6 patch notes: Cayo Perico bonuses, free money, more Roblox Jujutsu Infinite codes (November 2025) Roblox Best Brainrots in Steal a Brainrot Roblox How to find Steal a Brainrot 67 &amp; drop rate Gaming Steal A Brainrot mascot disappears from Roblox after copyright dispute Gaming Steal A Brainrot smashes records with nearly 24 million players across Roblox and Fortnite Roblox Grow a Garden Fall Market event dates &amp; features Gaming GTA meets Roblox &amp; Minecraft in new Snatch Squad game Sign up to Dexerto for the latest news, views &amp; reviews Better Reading Experience | Save Your Favourite Items Sign up About About Us Editorial Standards &amp; Review Policy Meet The Team Advertise with us Privacy Cookies Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Acceptable Use Policy Contact Contact Us © Copyright 2025 Dexerto Ltd. All rights reserved.